Shloka Kini:
The set top box APIs
are used in
server-to-server communication
which enable the
Apple Zero Sign On experience.
These APIs create and control
profiles for Apple TV devices,
which make the Apple TV setup
easier for your customers.
With the set top box APIs,
the setup flow highlights
the customer's TV provider
when they first set up
their Apple TV.
The app is
automatically installed
and the customer
is authenticated
with their TV provider
at the system level.
No iTunes or iCloud account
required.
Apple TVs are matched by their
serial numbers to the customers.
This process involves
your server
calling the set top box APIs
to create and assign profiles
to devices.
Upon activation,
the appropriate profile
is downloaded to device.
This profile is the key
to the set top box behavior.
It allows tvOS to know
the TV provider
and contains the user token,
that you create to identify
your customer.
This profile is installed
on device
when a customer activates
their Apple TV.
It will only be used
with the customer's consent
and only removed
with the customer's consent.
If a customer sells
their Apple TV,
the profile can be removed when
they inform the TV provider.
The set top box APIs
can only successfully
assign profiles to Apple TVs
if those devices maintain
a chain of custody
from Apple to you.
If they are called
on any other device,
the APIs will respond
with an error.
If a customer needs
to replace a device,
they can do so through you
or any Apple retail store.
If through you, you can enable
their new Apple TV
with the Zero Sign On
user experience.
If through
an Apple retail store,
the TV provider doesn't know
about the hardware exchange,
and there's no profile
assigned to the new device.
So the customer's Apple TV
will have a standard retail
experience with single sign-on.
Also, the devices
returned to Apple
will be removed
from your pool of devices,
and their new Apple TV
is added to your pool.
To get started using
the set top box APIs,
first we need some information
called onboarding data.
You send this data to Apple.
This includes the DUNS number
identifying your
business entity,
the name of your company,
and your phone number
as they appear in DUNS.
Also your company's website,
the public key
from a public/private
key pair you generate,
and an Apple customer number
that was used for purchasing
your Apple TVs.
With this information,
we can get
your business entity onboard
using the set top box APIs
and into our program.
Once you have access
to the set top box APIs,
you can start using them.
To begin, you start
an authenticated session.
Once this session has started,
you can create, check,
and assign profiles
to specific Apple TVs.
You can remove a profile
so that it won't redownload
when the customer
resets their Apple TV.
You can also get the list
of Apple TVs available to you
with fetch devices
and fetch device details.
In summary, the set top box APIs
are a set of APIs to associate
Apple TVs to customers.
Thank you.